I'd like to start this little series with everyone's favorite subject (?) — tails. We'll be taking a look at the following set of skills:
尻尾上がり Hold Your Tail High (a white), 尻尾の滝登り Tail of Victory (its gold), 尻尾の有頂天 Skybound Tail (Tamamo's evo).

To start, let's take ourselves back to China and a monarch named Yu the Great. After his father failed to stop the floods that troubled early China, he made it his life's work to do something about it. He succeeded eventually through hard and clever work, including designing irrigation for affected areas, and became known as a master of water. 
At least, that's how the story goes. It's likely that this is just a legend. And it leads to another legend.

In his work, Yu had enlarged or opened up a channel in the Yellow River. The water flowed strongly now, and created forceful rapids and waterfalls. 
This created problems for the carp in the river, who struggled to get through but were halted at a particularly powerful waterfall. 
It took many years of trying, becoming stronger in the process, before the first carp made it through this part.
The gods or spirits, having watched, were impressed and rewarded the carp by turning it into a dragon, inspiring many carp to continue trying to "leap" what was now called the "Dragon Gate" every year. 

This act, known as "Leaping the Dragon Gate" and used as an idiom, has since been symbolic of hard work, perseverance, and success.
It's named like that because carp do literally leap straight out of the water when swimming upstream at these places (and there are actually many Dragon Gates now).
In Japanese this is known as 鯉の滝登り (Carps climbing/ascending the waterfall). This forms the base for our 尻尾の滝登り (Tail of Victory), literally "Tail climbing the waterfall".

For 尻尾上がり (Hold Your Tail High), I think it seems a bit more straightforward. Horses, like many animals, raise their tails when surprised, excited, or in high spirits! 
It is interesting to note that many depictions of carp have their tails raised, very strongly so even, although the relevance here is likely accidental at best.

For 尻尾の有頂天 (Skybound Tail), lit. "to be at the peak of heaven", we have to look at buddhism. 有頂天 refers to Akaniṣṭha, the highest "world/heaven" of the Pure Abodes in buddhist cosmology, and with it the highest point of the Form Realm. Somewhere along history this has picked up the meaning "ecstasy", but I believe it's clear that Tamamo's tail is not about to break cygames guidelines, instead having found new heights to ascend beyond waterfalls.

Now we're here, we might as well go over Inari's evo: 火消の梯子登り (Ascending the Fireman's Ladder*), lit. "the ladder climbing of (edo-period) firemen". 梯子登り (ladder climbing) originates in Kaga prefecture during the Edo period.
A firefighter would climb a tall bamboo ladder held by a number of colleagues to ascertain the situation when a fire broke out. This of course required quite some bravery and acrobatic skill, becoming a popular subject in the arts and has since been honored in yearly acrobatics events. With ladders roughly 6m high, naturally this too takes on the theme of having one's tail up high. Though perhaps not quite as dramatic as Tamamo's case, which would technically leave us somewhere near the region of Saturn…

* I wasn't aware Hashigo-nori was somewhat known as a romanized term outside Japan (?). I'll consider updating the skill name.