Lets talk about one of the more recent additions which seems to have caused a bunch of translator confusion; Katsuragi Ace's title 登竜之頂, read as Touryuu no Chou. Or is it?
Generally speaking, kanji not part of a compound, like 頂 here, are read with their "kun" reading. In this case that'd be "itadaki". 
And yes, that's where the expression "itadakimasu" comes from. The kanji originally referred to the top of one's head but phonetically sounded just like "mountain top" in early speech, a meaning it has since adopted, and often gets generalized to an abstract sense of a top, a peak, an apex (much like in English, really).
On the other hand, that is not guaranteed and the usage of 之 for の points to an archaic or possibly Chinese intent, which is matched by an interpretation of 登竜, as we'll see. This is what I chose to go with.

Taking it literally then, we get something like "The peak of the rising dragon", and we could interpret "The rising dragon reaching an apex", "A dragon rising to the top", or even "The strength/greatness that the dragon embodies as it rises". 
Hmm. Well, it's certainly workable. But it feels a little lacking still, let's look a bit deeper and point our attention to the rising dragon part; 登竜 (Touryuu).
It's simply "ascend/climb" and "dragon" combined. While it's not officially really a word, it does see use in a known term; 登竜門 (Touryuumon — Ascending/Rising Dragon Gate).

In ep 1 we learned the legend of Leaping the Dragon Gate and the relevant 鯉の滝登り (Carps ascending the waterfall).
This proverb in highly influenced by the legend, but also based on general knowledge of carp behavior. It can refer more particularly to the act of overcoming an obstacle, or having strong momentum to carry forwards against the currents.
As Dragon Gate renders 竜門 in Japanese, the term/proverb 登竜門 is also based on (and refers to) this legend, and can refer more particularly to a barrier itself, or what lies beyond ("gate to success").

Taking this into account then, we can see 登竜之頂 as "The top of the Dragon Gate" with an implication of being at or passing it.
This fits in with Katsuragi's history, who was of relatively low pedigree, born in a remote region, and set down some great results against the greatest horses of the time, beating C.B. & Rudolf, and being the first Japanese horse to win the Japan Cup.
Hence the translation was chosen as "Dragon Rising Above". Of course, as you've probably noticed, Katsuragi is associated with dragons.
At least in the game. As for why that is, I have no idea actually unless it is actually based on what I just explained!


On the topic of Katsuragi Ace, let's also look at her unique skill 暁の御旗『葛城栄主』！ "Flag-bearer Katsuragi, Beacon of Dawn!".
First of all the 葛城栄主 is what is also on her flag and embroidered on the back of her jacket. It simply says "Katsuragi Ace", but the Ace is written as Eishu, which is a homonym of 英主 "Great ruler" with the first kanji replaced with 栄 "honor/glory". 
The name is actual official outside the game, but I'm not 100% sure if any readings or interpretations beyond that are intentional.
主 denotes important figures or aspects so you could read 栄主 as Glorious Leade- wait I mean…
In this case it probably refers to her as a pioneer of sorts, which would also fit her history and flag carrying. She's also a runner (& leader in game) so there's another point of reference. In fact, this is somewhat important as her Japan Cup win was as a runner, which only 2 other horses (Tap Dance & Kitasan) have managed after her, ever, and Tap Dance's performance was strongly influenced by Ace's win.
Her win against Rudolf also broke Rudolf's 100% unbeaten record. That's a lot of firsts.

The earlier 暁の御旗 part simply states something like "honored/beloved flag of dawn" literally, which as stated I am taking to tie in to her pioneering activities. She drags others forward, showing a path of possibilities where great results can be reached. 
The Dragon Gate is climbable.